# FAQs
## Q: How do you compare Soteria DAG with other DAG proposals and/or implementations, for example? 
A: Soteria DAG is a Block DAG consensus protocol, which implements part of Phantom protocols proposed in [this paper](https://eprint.iacr.org/2018/104.pdf). Soteria DAG, as designed in Phantom proposal, uses Phantom algorithm #3 to select a Blue set, in which participating nodes first find an approximate k-cluster solution for its local block DAG to prune potentially malicious blocks then topologically sorts the remaining blocks to obtain a
total order. Conflux is also a Block DAG consensus based on GHOST protocol. Conflux uses GHOST protocol to select the main chain in a graph and produces a total ordering of the graph by the main chain. Community has voiced out extensively on the differences between these two approaches.You can find a detailed comparisons in the [Conflux paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1805.03870) and the analysis of a liveness attack of Phantom protocol in the Appendix A of this paper.
Soteria DAG is designed to perform various pruning algorithms. You are welcome to experiment with ours or implement your own. 
## Q: what is your block rate? AKA how often do you produce a block?
A: In testnet1, it’s 1 minute per block. We will be collecting logs from testnet1 to help tune block rate for testnet2.
## Q: BTC doesn’t allow fork, the longest chain will win, any fork of the blocks will be discard. Will you do the same? Are there duplicated transactions in the fork?
A: You are correct that BTC doesn’t allow fork to be written on the blockchain. We will include all the blocks. If there are duplicated transactions, we will deal with them after sorting. There will be many non-duplicated transaction in the blocks as well, they are valid transactions in most cases, we will keep them. In this way, we are more inclusive, there won’t be much waste of energy.
## Q: you will need POW and calculating hash, if you drop a block, will the miner still get block reward?
A: The miner will get portion of the reward, because they mine the block, they did the POW. However if the transactions are not valid, they won’t get the transaction fees. There might also be punishment if too many invalid transactions are included in a block intentionally. So the system is to encourage miner to include valid transactions, punishing miner that include duplicated transactions , just like what bitcoin does today.
## Q: 1 block per minute, is there any security concern? How much hashing power should I have to control your network?
A: 51% in most cases, just like bitcoin. Because all the blocks are well connected so you still have to control 51% of the network to have an attack.
## Q: But I think if you throw away the transactions in the sibling blocks, will that behavior impact this 51%? If you throw away too much, can I attack the network with less than 51% hashing power?
A: Block and transaction are different. Hashingpower is to produce block, then we include all the blocks. That’s the overall network hashing power. We ignore duplicates in transactions, however the hashing power for that block is still counted. All the sibling blocks hashing will be included, it’s just we ignore the duplicated transactions in the blocks. So if someone want to attack, it’s still need 51% of the overall hashing power. The profit model for an attack is, have 2 transactions, a —> b then later on a—> c.. If you control 51% hashing power in between these 2 transactions, you have a  chance to rewrite and make a—>c valid. So normally it will require a lot of capital to attack, so the amount of a—> b needs to be huge to profit.. However, most of the large transactions need a much longer confirmation time artificially. So the chances of making profit during an attack is very low.
## Q: do you guys keep the coin that I mine during testnet1? 
A: No, the coin in testnet1 is purely for testing, the network will have frequent update. There is no real (currency) value in the coin of testnet1
